---
layout: post
title: "Excited"
date: 2025-12-25
tags: [GreenCloud, careers, startups, direction, computing]
---

We are coming to the end of 2025 and on reflection its been a quiet year for GreenCloud and I wanted to reflect on a few of the achievements of the year.

We came into the year with the hope of securing investment. Early ground work of aligning the company with investors was being formulated in to market research and studying the multitued of investor oppourtunities that exist in the world.

This is hard work and requires careful thought and consideration. Is Fund X actively deploying? What is their investment thesis? What sort of companies are they already funding? Is there an alignment ethically? 

This research is then condensend into a a few oppourtunities and tweaking of business plans/projections are performed. Invitations and introductions are performed and its into a round of polite rejections or curious responses. Obviously it is the latter you jump on and hope to try and grow the discourse with an aim to be able to present your business to a group of people who will stare at you with varying levels of dis-interest due to the sheer number of whacky ideas they must hear.

I've been in and around this industry for a few decades having worked for a lot of start ups - my first was straight from University. I reckon I am more qualified than I realise to be able to know what 'good' looks like and what terrible smells like! 

I'm always struck by the wave of excitement that surrounds some of these early idea businesses and I'm often left in a VHS/BetaMax mindset about who will succeed and who doesn't. 

It is undeniable that there is an excitement around small businesses - but the truth is longevity with a positive looking set of accounts that dont represent some sort of hashed together bonfire is often far better.

Ultimately the search for investment fizzled out of us. We met some interested parties, listened to their rejections and ran out of oppourtunities. Being told to 'be in touch' when you make 1MMR is a little bit odd I think.

In brighter news GreenCloud was able to move from our family home Garage into a proper office setting. Thanks to the generours support of John Booth an his wife at the National Data Centre Training Academy. John's vision for a practical, vocational place for people to be able to learn useful skills in the management of data centers is a much needed resource for the industry.

There is a certain sense of irony about John's support but he understands the vision for GreenCloud.

The move, on the whole went well and also taught us a few things regarding the GreenCloud set up. Moving to a BT Router that wanted to use IPV6 addresses threw us for a while!

We continued to suport the existing GreenCloud customers this year with a growing suite of software delivered on the GreenCloud platform. 

In truth this has been a challenging year financially. With erratic work, an unstable economy and a lack of income it has been a struggle to keep the bills paid. It is surprising what you can do when your back is against the wall. Finding the balance that allows you to keep progressing and ensuring that the lights stay on can often show resourcefullness. The last 6 months since we ceased the search for investment have been focussing on putting away the money that has given the company some breathing space. 

The door is always open to the investment community. We have shown as a team that we can deliver on that investment and that we can grow a business. I see it as a failure on my part to not inspire the people I have met to back us.

I mean - I could just say thats enough - lets shut down what we have strived for and created and yet I am still drawn passionately to the idea and vision.

During the search for investment work for me was sporadic and I'd ended up with some debt. This meant I needed to focus on saving and working to ensure the future of GreenCloud. 

I've thought carefully about the criticisms that people levelled at us. 

The cost of the platform being more than existing providers ( AWS, Azure etc ) - I mean how does a start up compete when your competitors give their services away for free?! 

The security of the platform. 

The start up speed. 

The sustainability of them platform. 

The revenue model being too tightly focussed on the poor income from the monthly subscription model.

Well, I am pleased to share here that all of these issues have been addressed in the next product that we are now working on. We plan to launch it in early Q2 2026. We have done our research and can prove that what we have can address the criticisms of the previous product. 

The existing GreenCloud product will continue to work and through the wonders of modern software any gains we make will flow automatically into the main GreenCloud product. 

What I am particularly excited about is how we are addressing criticisms around security, affordability ( GC-Org - the code name we are working under) - will save you business money. The speed of it will compete and in cases exceed that of modern cloud services. We've seen a crack in how modern businesses work and we want to show how can benefit from the service we are creating.

As part of our latest product launch, we are inviting three forward-thinking companies to join us as early adopters of GreenCloud Org. This is a unique opportunity to work closely with us as we trial and refine a new generation of sustainable, on-premise compute technology shaped directly by real world use and your feedback.

By joining the programme, you will be among the first to reduce cloud spend, strengthen security, and take greater control of where and how your data is processed all while helping define the future direction of the platform.

If you would like to be part of this journey and see first hand how GreenCloud Org can transform the way your organisation runs compute workloads, we would love to speak with you.

Please contact us at hello@greencloudcomputing.io, and we will arrange a time to walk you through the approach, the benefits, and what early adoption looks like in practice.



